Update managing-environments.md (#1053)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/faqs/Environments/delete-environment-job.md

---
title: How to delete a job or environment in dbt Cloud?
description: "How to delete a job or environment"
sidebar_label: 'Delete a job or environment'
id: delete-environment-job
--- 

> To delete an environment or job in dbt Cloud, you must have a `developer` [license](/docs/collaborate/manage-access/seats-and-users) and have the necessary [access permissions](/docs/collaborate/manage-access/about-access). 

Reviewer: This could be confusing to folks who have any other license type (or even trial users). Would it make sense to only reference the user permissions required to delete either?

:::info 📌 Delete a job first before deleting environment

> Deleting an environment doesn't automatically delete its associated job(s). If you delete an environment first without deleting the job, you won't be able to delete the job since it's without an environment. 

Reviewer: Is there a workaround to call out here? Can support delete the job on the back end or does the job just float out in the ether for the life of the account?

To completely delete your environment, you _must_:
1. First delete all jobs associated with that environment,
2. Then, delete the environment. 
:::

**Delete a job**

To delete a job or multiple jobs in dbt Cloud:

1. Click **Deploy** on the navigation header.
2. Click **Jobs** and select the job(s) you want to delete. 
3. Click **Settings** on the top right of the page and then click **Edit**.
4. Scroll to the bottom of the page and click **Delete** to delete the job. <br />

<figure>
<img src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/cloud-configuring-dbt-cloud/delete-job.jpg"/>
<figcaption align = "center">Delete a job</figcaption>
</figure>

> 5. Confirm your action in the **Confirm Delete** pop up by clicking **Confirm Delete** in the bottom right to immediately delete the job. This action cannot be undone. However, you can create a new job with the same information if the deletion was made in error. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Confirm your action in the **Confirm Delete** pop-up by clicking **Confirm Delete** in the bottom right to delete the job immediately. This action cannot be undone. However, you can create a new job with the same information if the deletion was made in error. 
```

> Great job! Refresh your page and the deleted job should now be gone. If you want to delete multiple jobs, you'll need to perform these steps to delete each job. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refresh the page, and the deleted job should now be gone. If you want to delete multiple jobs, you'll need to perform these steps for each individual job. 
```

**Delete an environment**

To delete an environment in dbt Cloud:

> 

Reviewer 2: should we have document this for dbt Core as well? if i understand correctly, i think dbt Core supports the development (dev) environment.

Author: in terms of the 'delete a job first before deleting an environment' (which is hopefully temporary feature ack), i believe it's a different kettle of fish in core. pinging @jtcohen6 to confirm if we need to document something for core re: deleting an environment? (is it just deleting a line?)

Author: ok @nghi-ly confirmed with @dave-connors-3 that core isn't in the scope of this since there isn't an object that represents an environment on the cli.  

i have made the change we discussed yesterday regarding related docs replacing the faq src, can you give it a look? thanks!

1. Click **Deploy** on the navigation header and then click **Environments** 
2. Select the Environment you want to delete. 
3. Click **Settings** on the top right of the page and then click **Edit**.
4. Scroll to the bottom of the page and click **Delete** to delete the environment. <br />

<figure>
<img src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/cloud-configuring-dbt-cloud/delete-environment.jpg"/>
<figcaption align = "center">Delete an environment</figcaption>
</figure>

> 5. Confirm your action in the **Confirm Delete** pop up by clicking **Confirm Delete** in the bottom right to immediately delete the environment. This action cannot be undone. However, you can create a new job with the same information if the deletion was made in error. <br /><br />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Confirm your action in the **Confirm Delete** pop-up by clicking **Confirm Delete** in the bottom right to delete the environment immediately. This action cannot be undone. However, you can create a new environment with the same information if the deletion was made in error. <br /><br />
```

> Nice going! Refresh your page and the deleted environment should now be gone. If you want to delete multiple environments, you'll need to perform these steps to delete each one. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refresh your page, and the deleted environment should now be gone. If you want to delete multiple environments, you'll need to perform these steps to delete each one. 
```

> If you're having any issues, feel free to [contact](mailto:support@getdbt.com) us for additional help.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're having any issues, feel free to [contact us](mailto:support@getdbt.com) for additional help.
```
